 If you've been watching these videos in the order which we recommend,
we're about to undergo a bit of a culture shift because we're now
going to start talking about the internet and web technologies. But up
until now, we've really been doing a lot of C and when we've been
writing our programs, we have been running them from the command line.
That's pretty much how the users have been interacting with the
programs that we write. They type something at the prompt, something
happens in the terminal window, and then it's done. They might have
persistent data that remains afterwards, but that's pretty much it.
It's at the command line. That's the only way the user can interact.
From this point forward, we're going to start transitioning so that
the users can interact with our websites. So we're going to be writing
websites which aren't written in C but are written in a variety of
other programming languages, including PHP, and it's sort of helper
languages, HTML, CSS, and the like. So we're going to start talking
about those things. Before we get into web programming itself, I think
it's probably a good idea to take a step back and talk about how
computers and humans interact over the web. So this video is really
sort of a primer, a basic guide to the internet. Now, the caveat here
is this CSFD is not a networking class. So what we're going to be
talking about here is pretty high level. We're not going to get into
any low level details of how all this stuff works. If you're
interested in that, I'd strongly recommend taking a class on computer
networking. And we might even tell a white liar to just for the
purposes of making the general understanding clear. So with that said,
let's talk about how we interact with the internet. So here we are.
Here's us. We're pretty looking forward to getting onto the internet,
which as we all know is chock full of cats. Now do we just connect to
the internet like this? Well, probably not. Intuitively, you know
that, say for example, when you change your Wi-Fi network on your
computer, you don't see one called internet unless that just so
happens to be. The name of your local Wi-Fi. But it's usually
something like home or if you're at work, it might be the name of your
company. There's not just one option called internet. And so something
or some things exist in between when we want to connect to the
internet. What are some of those things? Well, we're going to talk
about that. We're also going to talk about some of the important
things we need in order to be able to connect to the internet. And the
first of these things is an IP address. So you've probably heard the
term IP address before. What does it mean? An IP address is basically
a unique identifier of your computer on a network. Just like every
home or office has a unique address to which one could send mail.
Similarly, does every computer, if it wants to receive data or send
data, needs to have a unique address so that when information is sent
or received, it's being sent from or received to the correct location.
This addressing scheme, as I said, is called IP addressing. IP stands
for internet protocol, which we'll talk about again shortly. Now what
does IP addressing look like? Well, the scheme basically was, when it
was first implemented, to give every computer a unique 32-bit address.
That's a lot of bits. That's four billion addresses. And generally,
instead of using hex-design notation, which we've used previously in
the context of pointers and C, to talk about addresses, we usually
represent a number of IP addresses in a little bit more of a human-
friendly way, representing them as four clusters of eight bits
represented as decimal numbers, because humans don't frequently speak
hex-desimal unless you're programming. But IP, people who use the
internet, aren't necessarily programmers. So making it easy and
accessible for them to be able to talk about what their IP address is,
in case they maybe need to call up somebody to troubleshoot something,
it's better to make it in the more common conventional decimal number
format. And so an IP address just looks pretty much like this,
w.x.y.z, where each one of those letters represents a non-negative
value in the range of 0 to 255. Recall that an 8-bit number can hold
256 distinct values, and so that's why our range is 0 to 255. And we
have four clusters of 8 bits, or for a grand total of 32 bits. And so
an IP address might look something like this. This is sort of a
generic default IP address, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9. All of them are
in the range of 0 to 255, so that's a valid IP address. Here at
Harvard University, all of our IP addresses start with 1, 4, 0, 2, 4,
7. That's just the way that the IP addresses in this geographic area
have been assigned. And so this might be an IP address that might
exist here at Harvard. But as I said, if every IP address is 32 bits,
we have about 4 billion to give out a little more than 4 billion. But
we can kind of see a problem, right? What's the world population right
now? Well, it's somewhere north of 7 billion people. And in the
western world, at least, most people have more than one device capable
of internet connectivity. I have one right here, and I have another
one in my pocket, and I have one back in my office. And so that's
three. And that doesn't even count the ones that I have at home, too.
And so that's kind of a problem, right? We have at least 7 billion
people, and only 4 billion addresses, and every device is supposed to
be uniquely identified. We have developed some workarounds to deal
with this problem, something called the private IP address, which
we're not going to get into in this video, but basically allows for
the web, the internet to kind of fake out a little bit that you have a
unique address by having private addresses, and then funneling them
through one single address, which is shared by many different
computers. But that's really not a long-term fix. Even that fix isn't
going to last forever. And so we need to have a different way of
dealing with this. So as I said, we had about 4 billion, but that's
not going to be good enough, right? And so the way that it has been
decided that we're going to deal with this is to make longer IP
addresses. And instead of 32-bit addresses, we're going to have
128-bit addresses. And instead of 4 billion addresses, we're going to
have that huge number of addresses, which is 340 billion billion
billion billion billion. So a lot of IP addresses. And this new scheme
is called IPv6, as commonly how it's referred, the old scheme being
IPv4. A bit of a problem in that this problem has been known about for
a really long time. And we're really bad, apparently. You'll see this
a lot in the context of computers and computing. We're really bad at
anticipating problems. We're good at anticipating problems, but we're
bad at dealing with them, even though we know about them. So IPv6 has
been around for a while. And only in the last couple of years have we
actually started phasing in these IPv6 addresses to phase out the IPv4
addresses. But some places do have them. And they look similar to a
regular IP address, but they're a lot longer. So instead of now having
four clusters of eight bytes for your address, we now have eight
clusters of 16 bytes, and eight times 16 is 128. And we represent
these in the less conventional hex-designal form, because having
numbers, 16 bit numbers means that instead of being a range of 0 to
255, we'd have a range of 0 to 65,535. And so having a bunch of those
stuck together would be very difficult to read. And so we usually use
hex just out of convenience. And so a typical IPv6 address might look
something like this. It's certainly a lot longer than the IPv4 address
we've seen before. So this would be a valid IPv6 address. This one is
also a valid IPv6 address. This one happens to belong to Google. And
notice there's a bunch of zeros there. Sometimes these addresses can
get so long, and since we're still pretty early in IPv6, sometimes
there could be big chunks of zeros in there that we don't need. If
you're reading this out loud, it's 2,001, 4860, 4860, 0,000, 8844.
It's kind of a lot, right? So if you see a bunch of zeros, you might
sometimes see an IPv6 address like this where they omit the zeros and
use a double colon instead. This is okay though, because we know that
they're supposed to be 8 distinct chunks. And so by implication, we
see 4. So we know that there must be four sets of zeros like this that
fill it in. So sometimes you might see an IPv6 address not having 8
separated chunks like we do here. You might see it looking like this.
And that just means that everything you don't see in between where
those that double colon is is just zero separated. So okay, we know a
little bit more about IP addresses now, but how do we get them? We
can't just pick the one we want. If we did that, we might end up
fighting somebody for the same IP address or somebody might have
chosen it previously. If we try and take it, we're going to run into a
bit of a problem. And so we can't just pick the IP address that we
want. So the way that we get an IP address is somewhere between our
computer and the internet, that big internet out there. There's
something called a DHCP server, a dynamic host configuration protocol
server. The big mouthful of text, but really all it does is it assigns
you an IP address. Your DHCP server has a list of addresses that it
can validly assign and it gives you one. That's pretty much all there
is to it. Now before DHCP, this task of assigning addresses fell to a
system administrator. So an actual person would have to manually
assign your computer and address when you connected to a network. So
DHCP just sort of automates this process of giving you an IP address.
But that's how you get it. It's just a program running somewhere
between you and the internet that has a bank of IP addresses that it
can give out. And when you connect to the network, it gives you one.
So let's revisit this diagram somewhere between you and the internet.
There's a DHCP server. Okay, so that's good. Now let's talk about DNS.
So we've talked all about these IP addresses and we know that if we're
going to uniquely identify a device on the internet, it has to have a
unique address. And we could visit that address if we wanted to. But
you've probably never typed in something like 192.168.1.1 into your
browser, right? That's you don't type in numbers into your browser.
You usually type in human readable names like google.com or
cs50.harvard.edu, right? Those aren't IP addresses though. So there's
this, there exists this server or service rather called the domain
name system, DNS, that translates IP addresses to human comprehensible
words or phrases that are much more memorable than remembering a set
of four numbers or soon a set of eight hexadecimal numbers. That would
be really challenging, right? Think about if you've ever been before
the days of cell phones, you had to memorize your friend's phone
numbers. It might have got tough after a little while. And similarly,
if you want to visit a bunch of websites, you probably don't want to
remember a bunch of numbers. You'd rather remember a bunch of words.
So this mapping, this translating of sets of numbers to human readable
names kind of makes DNS the yellow pages of the web. And you can think
about it as if it's just a huge list running from 0.0.0.0 all the way
down to 255.255.255.255.255, which would be the highest possible.
That's the full range from 0s to 255s of all 4 billion-ish IPv4
addresses. I made up the ones on the top and the bottom, but the one
in the middle there is actually an IP address. So if we visited
74.125.202.138, apparently, that translates to that site there. IO,
what the heck is that? Well, not every name that maps is actually
clear what it is, right? So sometimes somebody who owns an IP address
might name their host something that they're actually not. For
example, that IP address, if you went there, it's actually just
google.com. But Google has a lot of different servers and they can't
call them all google.com. So they have their own internal system for
translating google.com to whatever server actually is connected to
that IP address. And then there's another system that exists between
to translate that gobble-de-gook here to google.com. But we won't get
into that. And similarly for IPv6s, we are also going to have a yellow
page. It'll be a lot bigger. And similarly in the middle there, it was
tough to find an IPv6 address that was legitimate. But I found one for
Google, but it's Google's Irish website. But if you went to that IPv6
address, if your browser was IPv6 cable, that would bring you to
Google's Irish homepage. So there you go. But this isn't entirely
true, right? This system seems cumbersome, right? If there's a huge
list of 4 billion things to have to look up, that's pretty big. And
there's no yellow pages of the world, right? You don't go to your, you
don't get, if you still get the yellow pages delivered to you, I got
mine the other day and I just circled it. But if you do get the yellow
pages delivered to you, you don't get a book that's every phone number
that exists on the planet, right? You get a list of the local phone
numbers, the ones that you're most likely to call. And that's actually
what DNS is. If you think about it, DNS is really the local yellow
pages. And large DNS servers like Google.coms, they're actually just
more like libraries that have a copy of all of the local yellow pages
or all of the local DNS records. So there's really no one repository
of the full DNS of the internet, just like there's no one yellow pages
of the world. There are all these local, small-scale DNSs that exist
out there. And there are services that aggregate them together, but
they depend on those smaller DNS systems updating their information so
that they have the most accurate information. So again, this analogy
is large aggregating DNS systems are like libraries that have a copy
of every yellow pages of the world. They don't themselves update those
books. They depend on the books coming in so they can update the
information if they need it. So the DNS system is not a giant block.
It's decentralized across many, many servers. So now we know that
somewhere between us and the internet there exists a DNS server as
well as a DHCP server. Now access points, what are access points? Well
access points you're probably pretty familiar with from actually
connecting to the internet. That's the network that you choose, the
home or your work network or what have you. And I'm generalizing the
concept of an access point here for purposes of this video, but there
are actually a lot of things that could be rolled up into access
points. There are concepts of routers, which is sort of a general term
that we use, but there are also switches. And things actually called
access points that are separate from this general concept of an access
point. But basically what happens is with IPv4, I said we have this
concept of private addresses, right? And instead of every machine
having a unique IP address, which we have run out of because we're
over 4 billion devices trying to connect to the internet, what we do
is instead assign an IP address to a router, that router or access
point that exists in your home, for example. And the router's job is
to sort of act as a traffic cop, allowing everybody who's connected to
that router to use the same IP address to get out. Does that make
sense? So everybody at your home has a private IP address. They can't
connect to the internet or the internet rather can't speak to them
through that private address. They can only speak to them through the
address in the router. And it's the router's job to take information
that you're sending the router and direct it to the correct place. And
for information that's coming into the router, for the router to send
it to you. So the routers are really the devices here, particularly a
router in your home, the most common sort of usage case for most
people. The router in your home is the device that has the public IP
address. That's the device that's connected to the internet. And you
connect to the router to have information flow through it on your
behalf. As I said, a modern home network, the router and switch and
access point are all kind of bundled up into a single device,
sometimes a modem is bundled in there as well. That's usually just
called a router, but it's really all of those things together. Large
scale business networks are so-called wide area networks, WANs.
Actually keep these devices separate. They have a switch. They have
routers. They have multiple access points. For example, at a
university, you'll see things that look like so-called routers mounted
all around campus. Those are all access points that flow into routers,
switches, et cetera, to pass information along. Because these networks
are so big that one single access point can't cover its large area.
And so these large networks, business networks, et cetera, split these
into separate devices. So the network can scale and grow if needed. So
again, somewhere between us and the internet, we have an access point.
And that's what we connect to. And through there, we can get to the
internet. As I said at the beginning of this video, this is not a
course on networking. So this is not the entire story. And I've kind
of glossed over it. And maybe I've left you even a little bit confused
as to what some of these things are. But that's okay. We don't need
the whole story. It's enough for us to know, moving forward, just
basically, a little bit about how the internet works. So what we know
is we have these private networks at our house. And we connect to a
router. And that router is connected to the internet at large. We have
these, so what is the internet at large? I keep saying this, but what
is it? Well, it's really just all these individual networks at my
house and at your house and at every other house that are connected
together. It's an interconnected network, an internet. So instead of
thinking about the internet as this giant cloud, this ethereal thing
that exists out there, it's really just a connection among all of
these networks. So here we go. We have our local network. And we're
not the only person probably on our local network trying to use the
internet. There's probably several of us trying to get in. And we're
not the only network that exists in the world, right? There are other
networks too. They're trying to connect to the internet. But the
internet is not, again, a separate entity. It's just a set of rules
that allow these networks, these small networks, the blue, the purple
and the red network here to communicate with each other. So there's no
thing they're all connecting to. They're all just connected to each
other, right? And so somewhere on these networks exist the services
that we actually want. So maybe in the blue network is where Google
lives. And then the purple network is where Facebook lives. And then
the red network, maybe that's where all those cats are. And so if we
want to get information about cats, we just traverse this chain of
networks to get the information we want. And it's not like the
network, and here I've represented the networks is all being able to
talk to each other and we can only talk to the network, but the
network can't talk back to us. But that's not true either, right? This
is all a two-way street. Information can flow through networks back
and forth. How does it do that? Well, the internet's really a system
of protocols. And we're going to start talking about what those
protocols are in future videos. But again, the internet is not a
separate thing. It's a set of rules that defines how networks
communicate these small networks, these local networks that we're used
to, the people in our house, the people at our school, the people at
our job, all sharing a network, and how these networks interconnect
and talk to each other. That's actually what the internet's all about.
So what's in a future video? Talk about some of the protocols, the
comprise the internet to hopefully give you a bit more of a well-
rounded understanding. I'm Doug Lloyd. This is CS50.