 Cuz I was gonna dead it there. I wasn't gonna go public about this I
was just gonna leave it alone. I wasn't gonna say shit and this is why
I didn't want to have to address this bro And I got a pull out the for
a seat to make it a little crazy Well, it's an enormous amount of
respect for this guy do came and did like three or four podcasts with
us and Literally got angry over a Instagram reel that has nothing to
do with him You guys not see the lunacy here, so this all started off
for this fucking clip right here, right? So I make this clip this is
me Activeness all the way at the bottom now are all black girls ugly
of course now. There's some hot ones But it's a minority and let's be
honest here the average black woman is 187 pounds loud I'm not just
rude fake hair. They've done studies on like a customer service and
black women ranked the lowest for Getting a customer service
representative That's black and then also waiting on a table of black
women So servers say they hate serving black women the most and that
people that call customer service say they hate dealing with black
women the most So it's like what the fuck is going on here, man? And
then on top of that black women don't have a general respect for
masculinity because a lot of them grew up in Fadda's house Well, it's
like grow up being told you're daddy You're saying you listen to the
music And it's just like continuous and very Pranicious cycle of just
constantly on men So by the time she comes to you She doesn't really
have an appreciation or respect for masculinity and most importantly
you're a Forwarding so she doesn't feel so she needs to submit you on
follow you So these are just some of the issues that play the black
community again I want to be clear about this is this all black women
no But we can't sit here on lie and say that it's not something that
permeates throughout the culture and isn't endorsed supported and Most
importantly encourage where do you rank black women in terms of
attractiveness all the way? So this clip right where I talk about I
criticize black women in America, right? He says that message to
Charles Kelly, right? And I'm like What the fuck? Like I literally
thought that he got hacked chat I was like, yo, that's not him.
There's no way because Kelly says be the shit like bro, what what is
this? Isn't this your friend? And I'm like, yeah, I mean he's cool. I
get along when he's been on show several times and he says to me this
message And I'm like what the fuck Like no, that's not my character.
No way. I'm message Brandon. I literally have brand of carls like bro
Is Michael okay? Like did it? Did it count get hacked? He was like,
no, I haven't spoke to him, right? So let me show y'all this so he DMs
me so he DMs me, right? And he goes I've never met a person like you.
I've heard about people like you But I've really never knew any
someone like you. I know you don't go fuck But I'm very disappointed
you. I thought you were a solid dude, but you went Want to be white so
bad. I turn up blind eyes of some of the activities, but your
relentless There's nothing you wouldn't do or say for attention. Well,
you got it now buddy attention. I'll see you around buddy And I go
this out shocked I am. I'm like No way. This is Mike. Did you or Cal
get hacked? Right? Because I'm like, what the fuck? This isn't Mike
like this is very like emotional behavior and he goes no I'm not
hacked. How dare you have your little monkey message my phone about to
see that he has a really bad day I was like, what? Who's he talking
about? right Like what is it? What is this guy talking about and then
he I said what the fuck? Yeah, there's no way this might again Guys,
I'm in shock. I was like this is not my proceed, bro Like the
micrachete. I know is very stoic like he doesn't go to the internet
for shit It's like if he has a problem he just text me like Man, I'm a
talk before like plenty of times. So I'm a head. I'm like, nah, this
is this is hacked Then he goes, okay, then he goes all you reported me
again. I'm like what reported you for what I don't report nobody You
could have called me with your grievances, so and so he goes all you
reported me right? So at this point I'm like putting it together. I'm
like wow this really might be him So I go nobody reported you you
could have called me with your grievances instead of going to the
internet I'm a critical black. I'm just a 2022, which is true Yeah,
because notice he's been on the show like three times his guys are
like three or four times, bro I've been I've been critical of them for
a long-ass time not sure why you're choosing to say things something
about this three years later Guys remember the Asian Doll shit that
happened in 2022 where I went viral and they all claimed that I was a
fucking I was a racist remember that so I go I Messed you direct. I
don't have your number and this was from something I saw that day. I
messaged you which is the the Instagram real I just showed you guys
I'm not sure where this three-year thing you're talking about in
regards to what I said on the internet wasn't even much I don't do
videos about people. Yes, you did and we're gonna talk about that here
in a second I said message be where you have my direct number there it
is I've been critical of black women and every race of people since
2021 and we're for this back in 2022 Not sure why I bring this up now
we have mutual friends. You didn't have to go to the internet
completely out of left field So much so that I thought you were hacked
right and I showed that yo they got your number like you could have
hit me and look I showed that I texted them but it went green I guess
he changed his number That's old phone number if you want to have an
honest conversation. I'll give you that Yeah, but you have my contact
info is what I'm trying to say there wasn't need to go to the internet
and make this public when you know me and have my Info right then he
goes no I don't I had it I lost that phone and cancelled the number I
mess you direct on here. There was a time when I did have your number
you ignored me. I never ignored him It's not true look literally he
said appreciate bro. I'll be doing the right time and five blowable
That's the last time we spoke. I think when we did that by a time and
event there was a time when I did a message you three times No
response whatever I really don't care. That's not true. So I got to do
the Kevin Samuels and fucking yeah, that's not true I messed them
back. I like the message. I hope you don't think I'm afraid to
confront you I don't have your number like you don't have my number. I
message you right here on your DM. That's direct. I'm not jumping
Through hoops again, I touch with you and even that serious to me.
I'll see you around. I'm always in Miami Like and I didn't even
respond. I was like wow like what the fuck is this right? Like because
he said oh, you I miss you three times over spots. That's not true
Last time we spoke on that phone I literally liked it and then I
messes him again saying bro is this you like what's going on here? I
go hey, bro It's mine. It's you good. I got a DM from your account.
That seems very unlike you. That's what the green message says by the
way And you know I can see it right there. So there's a proof right
there. See I can't I can't even scroll up no more that's it. So I'm
like baffled right then I see this clip Research like what so he goes
on the Bradley Martin Rottalk podcast Because I was gonna dead it
there. I wasn't gonna go public about this. I was just gonna leave it
alone I wasn't gonna say shit. I was gonna whatever right, but then he
goes on the Bradley Martin podcast remember y'all saw the messages He
said I don't need to make videos about you. What's this? I had to
check somebody the other day over that The do my own part of fresh and
fit what happened? I just seen a pose. I'm like what the fuck? What
was the point about intentionally disrespect the black women? How
black women are the lowest on a total poll of attractiveness to him I
mean black women wouldn't even look at you, but whatever But also this
fool had like like he did research on the weirdest statistics that are
hardest to deal with in customer service And why would you even
research like what? Who conducted that study for wine is bullshit
anyway? No, it's actually real. So right here Right, so one of the
guys actually responded Hey, my actually I checked the stats you were
doubting it's proven the full study moving beyond perceptions
examining service disparities among consumers was published in a
journal of the association for consumer research You're still ignoring
average 187 pounds lowest marriage rates five less households
degenerate niggas ain't shit mute culture music cardi be et cetera
This isn't being hateful facts or facts the only way to change
cultures is fully to be fully transparent honest with ourselves to be
able to make change Or you could keep perpetuating the same promise
there are times. Thank you Someone in the comments section had to
fucking put this there on my behalf saying bro Nega he's not lying.
Everything is said is true and you guys saw it I said black women are
187 pounds They're they rank low when it comes to customer service.
This is all factual shit What's his response to my facts? Oh, who
researchers that that's weird like bra the truth is the truth man Like
when did you become so sensitive like this is not the micro sheet that
I know bro enormous amount of respect lost for this guy Right so I
checked I said well you are A very interesting person. I've never met
a person like you I didn't think people like you existed being black
and hating himself so much bro You've been on the show twice and I've
always had these views since 2022 and the other thing too Is notice
how he's not show telling you guys about the threatening message. He
sent uh sharkali white bro He literally will strad me a shawan Over a
video let her threaten us over a video bro right because he sits on
black people so much He wears the clue flux clan hood like this is
goofy. They're like bro. They don't and I roast everybody So what I
Little make fun everybody the fuck man. I got demonetized for this
shit like bro. This guy is so fucking sensitive It's crazy bro like
you a white racist dude will use you. Mm-hmm, but he don't respect you
And that's irrelevant what matters is that I stand for free speech
That's what matters and I constantly push the fucking envelope to show
how important free speech is if you don't like that Fine you don't
have to agree with it, but this is a very sensitive fucking guy right
now bro He's literally offended at me saying facts about black women
What about the h1bv's a shit that got me fucking de verified on on on
x What about my talks about how them boys control this fucking
country? How about that? Notice how he doesn't mention any of that
shit. He's only complaining about the black women They got talk about
everybody. I literally got demonetized for talking about them boys I
lost my verification and subscriptions on twitter for talking about
H1bv's as an indians and immigration. I talk about talk about talk
about black people for years About the problems that we have in our
community like why are you sensitive on just this one topic and make
it look like I only shit on black people I shit on everybody and
you've known this I've been doing this shit for a long time Just 2022
actually since 2021. That's when we first went viral for this shit On
twitter, but then it reared its ugly head again when we had a jade
tholman And you you a man you're a beast with no nation So I told what
does that mean? I told I I I DMed him because I don't have his number.
I got a new phone. I said you just You know, I'm very disappointed at
you. I want this respectful and in yes He was you trying to sprow you
literally threatened me and shark ali bro over over an instagram clip
He reported I did a post when I mentioned it said nothing
disrespectful about him. He reported it No, he the post he made I
think one of them was like a story where he called me a bitch and then
he made another post saying that I'm like bitch made or some shit like
that Got much shit taken off and then he said that I report him bro. I
didn't report you I did not fucking report you. I would never report
somebody for talking shit on me People do all the fucking time. I
don't have time for it like I literally don't have time The report
that gives that talk shit about me if I did that I would be on the
internet all day bro All day and like I said before I was gonna ignore
this shit I was gonna complete a north shantilly went on spreading
these lies for instagram got me blocked from doing lives for 30 days
No, it's like bro. Shout out to Brad for fucking push him Yomda moco
because Brad knows I would never fuck a report somebody bro You the
one who talk about people doing this to you Yeah, there's no way. Yes,
you sure it's fans didn't just do it whatever because I feel like I
know my run enough Yeah, it probably wasn't my supporters because he's
getting he was getting roasted on on Instagram about this shit. I'll
find it that he is although people don't agree with him I know him
enough to to believe at least what he tells me what I've seen And even
an off camera conversations that he's not the one for well. Let's take
it away. Let's censor it Had to be his fans maybe but listen Yeah, now
it's maybe now it's maybe yeah, bro. I'm not gonna fucking waste my
time to go after it bro the days of me going after people talking shit
about me like those days are fucking done Like as far as like taking
like real action to do anything. Let's see here. So This is this is
the the thing right? I got the most like yeah, it goes here Mad
effects and complain on podcasts Where was it? I'll find it for you
guys. We'll keep playing a clip though. We shot the thing. I'm shot
Maybe he didn't do it. Yeah, but it happened after that that post and
that post wasn't even crazy, right? Yeah But why is his friends on my
shit? You know Yeah, yeah, like okay, that's why I was gonna show you
out like look bro It's literally do is just make a fun of them if you
look at the comments It's literally niggas just make a fun of him Why
customer service companies not research their customers and determine
who are the most difficult customers I bet what thousand man this man
was raised by a single mom a black man to it's taken up for black
woman Of course, it's a loser over here. Thanks. Don't care about your
feelings Right? Why would a customer service? No, I bet well, let's
see here These comes real show how low men can steep steep I've dated
a lot of black women and although there are some overall differences
it comes down to individual I say open hardly. I've had way more sense
of my relationship with black women blah blah. I feel like nobody
understands how research works Y'all black women to hate themselves so
bad. So it's like bro. It's like split But this guy's a temp on a lot
of people are roasting him too Maran is right if you look all the most
like shit is people agree on me All the most likes are people like
grumpy that he's saying like this niggas sound like a pick me right?
So in the comments section, they're making fun of him right? This
isn't my Instagram This is this is Routalk shit and that my is like
bro guys get mad about facts. So I don't report them bro Like I got a
lot of people that support me that don't like this function that he's
doing So they might report him by to do it Yeah, I guess so whatever
But anyway nonetheless Now see I was just glossed over that you try to
accuse me of reporting them now. He's like oh no Maybe it wasn't him.
No, it wasn't dude. It wasn't. Oh, I don't respect that at all I find
I find found that highly disrespectful, right? The removal or the
conversation What he was saying about black women I found the dude who
posted it highly disrespectful Sean Kelly because the caption was
stupid. It was like what once again Just for my John niggas. This is
what he's mad about bro This is what he's fucking mad about all of
this is because of this fucking Instagram rule Our black woman
attractive. This is what he's a friend of by yeah Tractiveness all the
way at the bottom now are all black girls ugly of course now. There's
some hot ones But it's a minority and let's be honest here the average
black woman is 187 pounds Black I'm not just rude fake here. They've
done studies on like a customer service and black women ranked the
lowest for getting a customer Service representative That's right and
then also waiting on a table of black women So servers say they hate
serving black women the most and that people that call customer
service say they hate dealing with black women the most So it's like
what the fuck is going on here, man? And then on top of that black
women don't have a general respect for masculinity Because a lot of
them go up and follow the households they grow up being told you're
daddy ain't You're in the news and you listen to the music And it's
just like continuous and very pernicious cycle of just constantly on
men So by the time she comes to you She doesn't really have an
appreciation or respect for masculinity and most importantly you're a
forwardy So she doesn't feel as though she needs to submit you don't
follow you So these are just some of the issues that play the black
community again I want to be clear about this is this all black women
no But we can't sit here on lie and say that it's not something that
permeates throughout the culture and isn't endorsed supported and most
importantly encourage Where do you rank bro? That's what all this is
about chat He's literally crying because of that fucking clip that's
why he's going on this fucking tirade Can you guys fucking believe
that shit? Do came and did like three or four podcasts with us and
literally got angry Over a Instagram reel that has nothing to do with
him do you guys not see the lunacy here? He's losing his mind sending
threats to people because of a Instagram reel that he didn't like that
has nothing to do with him And to make it even Weirder I've been
talking about this shit for like three plus years when he came and did
the podcast was I had these views before He even admits it that you
had these views before why are you coming three years later saying
this shit Why you have my number if you had a problem with you could
have called me you could have texted me Why did you go to the internet
first why did you try and focus Sean Kelly for no reason Why for
platforming me like do I gotta show you all this again bro off this
reel this nigga literally sent death threats to Sean Kelly White bro,
this is unhinged. This is unhinged shit. Why would you say this is
somebody? He has nothing to do with this what bro doing his literally
sending threats on the internet over our Instagram reel That's a grown
man probably pushing for 50 doing this shit wild Absolutely fucking
wild you know, but keep going Ethnic group or the hottest, but it's
the only a caption about Shit known black women. Well, there's also
something to say like This type of conversation is just like Yeah, why
are you talking about that? Yeah, it's all important. It's also just
sensational to cause algorithm And this is what like the these
wonderful people are here Like elevate your conversation elevate the
content that you listen to why do you want to sit and listen to that
filth You know, I'm saying okay Then don't listen to it if you don't
like it then don't listen to it Just men talking about how ugly women
who are you to tell people what kind of content they make who the fuck
are you to tell people What kind of content they make bro like I don't
say anything when you try to a virtue signal and hold it in doubt Like
I don't say shit you do what you want to do I mean are you feel me but
I think his his content is problematic altogether like This content is
problematic altogether. I used to like them right until I start
learning more and more hearing more and more of their shit He added
some other shit does someone have the extent of her man I'll just go
right to the fucking podcast because he said more than that Those
something else he said too that I want to fucking clarify Because he
lied on some other shit too and again, it's fucking annoying I even
have to fucking have this talk Bro, where the fuck did he all just
good does anyone have the time stamp ninjas somebody give me the time
stamp Okay, here we go being disrespectful that's just being man to me
Yeah, you know saying this like if somebody goes on their disrespect
all white women and white men get mad And of course you supposed to
you post a protective woman. Yeah, somebody disrespect all black men
or black women We get met you supposed to I had to check somebody the
other day over that okay, so this is it my bottom He reported it got
much shit taken off of it. We know that's not true algorithm and this
is what like you asked them name five countries Why is redundant
right? I'm trying to add to take them but everybody Okay, got you but
when I was on it last time like I used to like them right until I
start learning More and more and more and more of their shit. I had to
walk off of their show before I'm like this is stupid. Let me make
sure I have this in full context Is low level okay? Why you out now?
We're catching back. All right, so low level right low level talking
about that. Yeah, it's all important It's also just sensational to
cause algorithm and this is what like the these wonderful people are
here Like elevate your conversation elevate the content that you
listen to why do you want to sit and listen to that filth You know,
I'm saying just men talk okay. Tell them the truth about women is
filth all right bro About how ugly women are You feel me but I think
his his content is from problematic altogether like I used to like
them right until I start learning More and more and more and more of
their shit. I had to walk off of their show before I'm like this is
stupid Like what are y'all talking about so notice how he said my
content is redundant So if my content is redundant that means that you
knew The shit that we talked about before you came on multiple times
Yet you still came on the show multiple times and didn't have issue
back then But now three years later you want to have an epiphany and
say that we're redundant and we're problematic whatever when You came
in when we're doing the same shit, bro Y'all the munch. Oh, what the
fuck right bra? What? This doesn't make sense. You know, I'm saying
disrespecting look if it I was trying to act with the quorum because
what I wanted to do you were trying to what act with the quorum with
respect got you But when I was on it last time I was ready to turn up
matter of fact if you watch I got up to leave Now like nah because
they started in loud like nah, I want some smoke and you see I sat
down I grabbed the mic. I pulled the closest to me like you know what
I mean, they would say shit. I'm like no she ain't I'm sorry. I'm
trying to agitate them, but everybody got calm when I was there,
right? But all right, this nigga lion. So let me go ahead and pull the
clip for you guys that I actually have here I shut this because he's
fucking over here lying again. It's not like this is stupid. This is
on the internet somewhere. All right This is what he's talking about.
This was the interview where I had academics on and sniko This is the
interview he's he's bragging about right now. Okay So fattening is
like you so what's the mix in this girl we're going back and forth
this girl that sounds like pop smoke This is a girl that remember I
told y'all she illegally married her boyfriend For papers this chick
This is a person like me. I've been to boyfriend. It's the matter.
I've been to boyfriend. It was like me. Am I I'm not even there bro
I'm not even there the fuck is he talking about man Not even dare dude
But I bet you live in a fucking section 8 housing and I live in a
fucking mansion You still unhappy if you wasn't unhappy wasn't being
being being aggressive You're in real man I'm happy baby like you got
you got to stop like the act like weird is not my problem if you won't
happy like I'm very happy with my life Let's see when he gets up. So
he sits there. Since there. So he gets up right This is when he gets
up. This is academic and her going at it. I know where they're Only
jump in if you make you a nigger Are you a nigger? They will happen
because he's talking about that. I mean talking about trans women.
That's a lot. He gets up and leaves They just say nothing gets him and
leaves right I think he gets up and leaves he doesn't say anything All
right Bro he doesn't say shit see how he's fucking lying on this
podcast bro like it is a nothing here Let me see here if he left any
other time before that. Low time Take them all says the girl in yellow
G. Why was he here? Oh no six wait six good yeah bro six Yeah, she's
like 18 well she's 30 no so is the roughness I Okay Yeah, but even if
you have a little date if you try to work Like that is gonna something
that would be good with it You just got to know how like work. I think
you just got to come to Like So see check gets him and leaves doesn't
say word okay, David needs to get folks. Yeah, I get to Tema But you
fucking it is your voice that fucking people or at least you got like
the So I make a front of the girls voice right for sound and she sound
like pop smoke No, I'm just saying And this is her and academic going
back and forth Oh as you can see Me and fresh aren't even involved in
this shit bro like fresh is there but like I'm not even there Okay, so
now he comes back Remember he said I come back and I just started
trolling right Let's see. Let's see how honest he is about that Yeah,
wait, so you're saying that if I lose some weight I'm gonna come back
So he comes back and he sits and he sees the academics is still
disrespecting her. Let's see what happens No, and I start fucking with
a mask with this like you with fake titties right? We're fucking Tats
on your face. Yeah, imagine this shit. Yes. Okay. There he is. He's
holding a mic just like he said in the breath in the wrong talk Might
now you know I'm about to turn up right memory just like that about to
turn up. Let's see how you Are different like you know saying
everybody See he's making fun of her boyfriend remember this guy told
you guys about that fucking that I married her for papers. She married
him for papers You still have See there is there's my right there is
anything you know I'm asking Actually, wait, did he just smile Oh He
smiles bro, this thing is cap man bro seat like see he goes on his
podcast fucking lion bro Oh, yeah, I come back in there and I turn up.
What does he do? He's sending her laughing at academics make fun of
her bro Because I remember he was not happy after this episode because
academics was going back and forth to this girl the whole time Look
even sneak a laugh him see And this is why I don't want to have to
address this shit, bro like I was literally gonna leave this alone I
was gonna say a word. I was gonna let Mike do whatever. He's unhinge
clearly. He's mad about some miniscule shit But now he goes on raw
talking fucking lies everybody so I gotta pull out the clip gotta show
the fucking receipts that number one I did a report you and number two
you're a fucking liar. You don't do shit when they fucking were
talking shit about this girl And I wasn't even there I wasn't even
there bro You're putting false blame on me when I wasn't even fucking
there man now I gotta come out and fucking put this shit out to show
that you're liar bro. It's on fucking video man Yom the mom because I
actually had an enormous amount of respect for you. I still look at
you as a big bro I mean that shit. I literally used to look at you as
a big bro, but now This is fucking wild dude. Absolutely wild. That's
why I was reluctant to go to the internet That's why I contacted
Brandon on the side That's why I fucking message you like oh is this
you are you hacked? I literally could not believe that you were
behaving like this I literally couldn't believe it y'all could see my
fucking messages with him. I'm fucking baffled Because if y'all knew
Mike like I did he's a very stoic guy very in control of his emotions,
right? I've never seen any erratic behavior So when I saw him doing
this shit sending threats to Shaw Kelly just for having me on a
podcast Getting angry about a fucking Instagram reel. I was like
shocked But I was gonna leave it alone. I was gonna say shaw's like
you know what bro I know this guy. I've met him before we have mutual
friends. I'm a dead it. I'm not gonna respond But then he goes on raw
talking lies on my fucking name now I gotta pull out the fucking
receipts and make him look crazy you guys think I fucking want to do
this shit This guy used to fucking look at us like a brother bro This
nigga pulls my fucking hand and forced me to do this shit because he's
trying to drag my name in the mud for fucking views man And this is
why I don't trust fucking people on YouTube no more shit like this
Open my home to this fucking guy. I platformed them. I fucking showed
him mad love I went on his shit. I've never said a bad word about Mike
in my fucking life I've always spoken highly about him But friend to
go and fucking talk shit because of my political views or the things
that I have The views that I have that are fucking factual that are
true that are statistically backed Loss an enormous amount of fucking
respect for this guy And I tried to not fucking go to the internet
with this shit, but he forced my hand Things shit like this. Oh yeah,
I came back and I turned up on him Y'all they can see it right there.
Am I even at the fucking table? Y'all the monk And he's smiling as
academics is disrespecting these bitches the same women that he was
pointing to Cape on for earlier God damn bro. I really don't want to
have to do this shit, bro. I really didn't want to have to fucking do
this shit man